README.md, before:

## Overview
Acolyte Index is a React-based Dota 2 hero tracker designed with a dark, ethereal "wraith" theme. It allows you to browse the Dota 2 hero pool, fetch live stats via the OpenDota API, and display essential data for each hero such as roles, win rates, pro pick rates, and move speeds.

## Project Setup
1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/musedwraith/AcolyteIndex
   cd AcolyteIndex
   ```
2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```
3. Run the development server:
   ```bash
   npm start
   ```
4. Open your browser and navigate to:
   ```
   http://localhost:3000
   ```

## File Structure
- **src/App.js** – Main application logic; fetches data and renders UI.
- **src/AppStyles.css** – Custom purple/pink theme styles.
- **src/index.js** – React entry point that renders App.
- **public/index.html** – Root HTML file for React mounting.

## Current Functionality
1. Browse Dota 2 heroes in alphabetical order in a scrollable list on the left side, and the stat information is populated the on the right side. 
2. The right side features a field to search for player Steam32 IDs on the top and larger hero portrait with basic stat information centered on the bottom.
3. Select a hero to display stats dynamically.
4. Clean, glowing theme aligned with "wraith" branding.
5. Glowing and pulsing effects for dropdown and hero cards.
6. Added more stats: win rate, pick rate, and ban rate. For KDA, it uses a basic formula to approximate a dynamic KDA number since OpenDota doesn't provide direct kills/deaths. Added information of which patch the KDA comes from.

## Future Enhancements
- Deploy for live sharing. (Netlify?)
- Implement **“Mark for Ritual” tracking** so users can mark heroes they’re practicing and add personal notes.
- Add meta data: roles, builds, counters.
- Void version: win rate, pick rate, hero role, basic statas.
- Filter by rank.
- Meta teir list based on OpenDota win rates for each patch.
- Track my own Dota matches (so I can see how bad I actually play xd).
- Add a streamer overlay to show the pool live.
- Make the list searchable/filterable by roles and name
- Build paths, starting items, overlay OverWolf DotaPlus app
- Recordings like OverWolf Outplayed

Commit message:

Wrapped the app in Electron to allow for a transparent window, live in a desktop environment, and use the app cross-platform.

README.md, after:

## Overview
Acolyte Index is a React-based Dota 2 hero tracker designed with a dark, ethereal "wraith" theme. It allows you to browse the Dota 2 hero pool, fetch live stats via the OpenDota API, and display essential data for each hero such as roles, win rates, pro pick rates, and move speeds.

## Project Setup
1. Clone the repository:
   ```git clone https://github.com/musedwraith/AcolyteIndex
   cd AcolyteIndex
   ```
2. Install dependencies:
   ```npm install
   ```
3. Run the app in Electron to view the overlay (transparent background, always-on-top, frameless window):
   ```npm run electron-start
   ```
4. Optionally, preview the app in a regular browser using:
   ```npm start
   ```
5. Open your browser and navigate to:
   ```
   http://localhost:3000
   ```

## File Structure
- **src/App.js** – Main application logic; fetches data and renders UI.
- **src/AppStyles.css** – Custom purple/pink theme styles.
- **src/index.js** – React entry point that renders App.
- **public/index.html** – Root HTML file for React mounting.

## Current Functionality
1. Browse Dota 2 heroes, display stat information on the hero based on the patch, and search for a player's public Dota 2 stats for that hero.
2. The left panel displays hero names in alphabetical order in a scrollable list, a larger hero portrait, role list, pro-level stats (win rate, pick count, ban count), and a dynamic KDA based on patch information. For KDA, it uses a basic formula to approximate a dynamic KDA number since OpenDota doesn't provide direct kills/deaths. Heroes can be filtered by selecting their role or using a search box to type in their name.
3. The top of the right panel is the player search box that uses Steam32 IDs.
4. The left most of the right panel dynamically populates with the hero information: the hero portrait, the hero name, hero roles, which patch the information was obtained from, their win rate, pro pick count, pro ban count, KDA based on the patch, and movement speed.
5. The right most of the right panel populates with the player information after searching using the player serach box. It displays the player's portrait, the player's name, MMR estimate, all time stats of: number of games, number of wins, number of losses, and win rate, the patch stats of: games, wins, losses, and winrate.
6. Run a transparent, always-on-top Electron overlay with a glowing UI styled to match the "wraith" branding. Which includes glowing and pulsing effects for hero and player cards.

## Future Enhancements
- Deploy for live sharing. (Netlify?)
- Implement **“Mark for Ritual” tracking** so users can mark heroes they’re practicing and add personal notes.
- Add meta data: builds, counters.
- Meta teir list based on OpenDota win rates for each patch.
- Track my own Dota matches (so I can see how bad I actually play xd).
- Add a streamer overlay to show the pool live.
- Build paths, starting items, early game and core items, talents, neutral items, and situational item suggestions, overlay OverWolf DotaPlus app
- Recordings like OverWolf Outplayed
- Keys to open and hide the overlay
- Correct the player's current patch information
- Correct the positioning of the hero and player panels
